Updates to readme (#558)
AutoPas/AutoPas: README.md

cmake ..
make
```

> if you want to use another compiler, specify it at the first CMake call, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if you want to use a specific compiler, specify it at the first CMake call, e.g.:
```

make
```

AutoPas relies on a small number of dependencies. By default AutoPas looks for

> installed versions of those libraries but it can also be forces to (selecively)
> use bundled versions. To make use of this feature call `cmake` with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
installed versions of those libraries but it can also be forced to (selectively)
use bundled versions. To make use of this feature, call `cmake` with:
```

```bash
cmake -D spdlog_ForceBundled=ON    # replace spdlog by the lib you want to force
```
Or better have a look at the variables exposed in `ccmake`. 

## Testing

AutoPas uses [googletest](https://github.com/google/googletest) as testing 
framework and exposes tests to ctest, the CMake test driver.

### Running Tests

There are multiple possibilities. In order of recommendation:

1. Using `ctest`:
    ```bash
    ctest # add --verbose for more details on the tests
    ```
    To only run specific tests use arguments like `-R` (run tests matching regex) and `-E` (exclude tests matching regex)
    ```
    ctest -R 'Array.*testAdd' -E 'Double'
    ```
2. Using the `make` target:
    ```bash
    make test
    ```

> 3. Directly launching the test executable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Directly launching the test executable:
```

    ```bash
    tests/testAutopas/runTests
    ```
    To only run specific tests use arguments
    ```bash
    tests/testAutopas/runTests --gtest_filter=ArrayMathTest.testAdd*
    ```
 
### Debugging Tests

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many IDEs (e.g., CLion) have integrated support for googletest and you can debug the tests directly within the IDE.

If you prefer `gdb`:
```

1. Find out the command to start your desired test with `-N` aka. `--show-only`:
    ```bash
    ctest -R 'Array.*testAdd' -N
    ```
2. Start the test with `gdb`
    ```bash
    gdb --args ${TestCommand}
    ```

## Examples

> As AutoPas is only a library it is not able to run simulations by itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As AutoPas is only a library, it is not able to run simulations by itself.
```

We have, however, included a few example proxy applications in the **examples** directory.
The examples include:

> * [md-flexible](examples/md-flexible): Molecular dynamics simulations with 1 centered Lennard-Jones particles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [md-flexible](examples/md-flexible): Molecular dynamics simulations with single centered Lennard-Jones particles.
```

* Smoothed particle hydrodynamics simulations

## Using AutoPas
Steps to using AutoPas in your particle simulation program:

### Custom Particles
First you will need to define a particle class which will be passed to AutoPas as template Argument.

> For that we provide some basic Particle classes defined in `src/autopas/molecularDynamics` or `src/autopas/sph` 
> that you can use either directly or you can write your own Particle class by inheriting from one of the provided
> classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For that we provide some basic Particle classes defined in `src/autopas/molecularDynamics` or `src/autopas/sph` 
that you can use either directly or you can write your own Particle class by inheriting from one of the provided
classes or from `autopas::Particle`.
```

Important parts to implement:
* `enum AttributeNames`
*  Definition of a matching `SoAArraysType`

> * getter and setter connecting the `AttributeNames` and actual members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Getter and setter connecting the `AttributeNames` and actual members.
```

### Custom Functors
Once you have defined your particle you can start with the functor class.

#### Definition
Importatnt parts to implement:
* Actual force calculations: `AoSFunctor()` and all Versions of `SoAFunctor*()` 
* Newton3 characteristics of the force: `allowsNewton3()` and `allowsNonNewton3()`

> * In and output variables of the force calculation via: `getComputedAttr()` and `getNeededAttr()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Input and output variables of the force calculation via: `getComputedAttr()` and `getNeededAttr()`
```

* If you have `n` functors within one iteration and update the particle position only at the end or start of the iteration, the rebuildFrequency and the samplingRate have to be a multiple of `n`.

> * Functors must be marked as (not) relevant for tuning by specifying `Functor::isRelevantForTuning()`. Functors marked as relevant should have a near identical performance profile otherwise the sampling of configurations will be distorted. It is probably for the best to only mark the most expensive functor as relevant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Functors can be marked as (not) relevant for tuning by specifying `Functor::isRelevantForTuning()`. Functors marked as relevant should have a near-identical performance profile otherwise the sampling of configurations will be distorted. It is recommended, to only mark the most expensive functor as relevant.
```
